# Our first year in review

We have now completed our first year running a Prosecco van, and to be honest it’s been harder than we expected. Setting up a business is always going to be tough of course. We thought we had all the figures worked out and the best plans in place. We knew what we wanted and where we were going...Perfect! BUT... things don’t always work out the way you expect them to!

Our first year was a massive learning experience for us in all ways. Firstly we must say thank you to our friends and family! They have been super supportive and we wouldn’t have been able to do what we have done this year without them. Our husbands have also been massively important to us and what we have achieved we couldn’t have done without them. They both came to a lot of events to help us out as we continued to learn about the Tuk Tuk, about what we serve and about how we serve it. If we were at fetes we would take the kids with us as well (we have 4 between us) and we would all take turns in walking them around and letting them empty our pockets as they went on bouncy castles and bought sweets, ice cream and toot from all manner of stalls. Once the kids had disappeared we could focus on selling our wares.

Secondly, we quickly realised that just selling Prosecco on its own, as we had originally planned, was not going to be as successful as we thought, especially for these types of events. Now we offer beer as well as Prosecco which gave us much more variety, and in turn more to variety at these events. We always planned to offer beer as part of our packages but didn’t think to offer it at fetes to begin with, now, we don’t leave the office without at least one keg in the back of the van!
